We have some we have some ideas and some. ideas for what people want. let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting. See if I can't get things moving along here a little bit better. I'll go over what we went over last time,. Then I believe each of you have a presentation. I've was sent a a couple more requirements for our remote,. then we can come to a conclusion on what we want the remote to do,. the last meeting we went over who was responsible for what. I'm responsible for leading the meetings, keeping the notes, and coming up with the final presentation. Corinne is our Marketing Expert. Ryan is our User Interface Designer. And Manuel is the Industrial Designer. we decided our remote,. we want it to be a universal remote. we want to be modern, fun, different. it needs to be sturdy, easy to find,. so we gonna have that locator function. and we want to be different. and then we went over a couple of different ideas. Ball-shaped phone. The keyboard shape. we decided that it should probably be one-handed. Something we could use with one hand.
This is my report,. which is going to be based pretty much on a survey. first of all, the method that I used was by doing some marketing research,. by doing research on some interviews that were conducted. And then some internet research. I think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed. And so I will show you some of the results from that,. They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls. And seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly. And eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy. I think that's definitely important. Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot. And if anyone could clarify what that means? Zap, does that just mean like changing the channel? and fifty percent of the users say that they're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control. they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons. And some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all. Of course channel selection is used the most frequently. And then teletext was the next. Volume and then power. And then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used. I think we could definitely eliminate. or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button. the biggest user frustrations, as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere,. and so I think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea. thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. And twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for RSI. as far as speech recognition goes, the younger group looks like they're all for it. From the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more. And it kind of just went down incrementally. so maybe we could discuss this. and decide if we think it's worth investing in this. At least if we're targeting the younger groups. in conclusion. Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct. We definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance,. since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of their remote control. a multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore. we need to simplify the remote. and reduce the number of buttons,. get rid of the ones that don't seem to be serving much purpose. And then lastly I thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition.
Now we actually have some ideas of what what people want,. what we should focus on.
Having just listened to what Corinne just said,. I'll draw on some of the things as well. Some things that sort of relevant to what I wanna say. I'm just gonna yeah approach the technical functions design. the method I used was to explore the technical functions of a remote control. And s simplest approach that I came to is is to change, programme and operate an electronic device remotely. I had some things sent to me. Not very much. To look at similar devices. we discussed a universal one. But I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design, and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it,. because you'd need to know all the spef specifications of a all the like electronic companies. You have to set them, reset them to everything. and that would only add buttons. Whereas I think the aim is to take away buttons. So I think it'd be better maybe to concentrate on maybe just a universal one for T_V_s. here here's just two pictures of remote controls. But one is user-centred. And you can straight away see there's less buttons. And the other one is engineer-centred. where that's more specified for the sort of the elaborate piece of equipment it's trying to control. and on what the have said and the market research and stuff probably looking at something that should be user-centred. simpler to use,. maybe the other fifty percent, the buttons that are used very rarely like programming, they could be hidden maybe. some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they're hidden away. our product I think should be user interface orientated. Like I said to concentrate on TV remote control,. the major findings market researchers have said, it's the image and the appearance that people di dislike. So that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend.
Gonna talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically. which is what dictates the design the both the interface basically and the outer appearance. I'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board. This is the basic basic premise of a remote control. the basic function is to send messages to another system. An energy source feeds an integrated circuit, like a chip,. that can compose messages. Often in the form of infrared bits. there's also some sound systems. but infrared is the better or the more more used system. A user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages. what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there. We'll start with an energy source. which is usually a battery. This energy source of course is connected to the the user interface itself. which can be buttons, whatever,. which in fact controls a chip. the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp. And Of course that's controlled, the chip itself is controlled by the user interface. The way you normally normally do it is that you add a little device such as a lamp to the whole thing as well,. so that you know that it's working basically. The the energy source for one thing can be altered. What we probably cannot alter is of course the infrared, the sending device basically, the infrared lamp. We cannot change the chip. The user interface. That's something we can also discuss. as we've heard speech recognition is the hype obviously in the moment. Or if we just do the usual button thing. Or we have a touch pad or something like that. And of course the energy source. Batteries. Solar cells. Of course it's always a question whether these these components are in fact available cheap enough, developed enough.
The more complex we make it of course, the more expensive. younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote. possibly it might be worth the investment.
I think speech recognition was one of those things where they have to be really good for them to work. 'Cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and if it's on your phone. And you need to sort of take into light languages and then different dialects I suppose as well.
I myself I find, when you, when there's something like spee speech recognition. Like you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something. Sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end,. and you find yours, like you said, saying the same thing over and over and over.
Another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they'd do it,. but probably a lot of them that's actually their parents money. I don't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves, a fifteen year old you know.
It's a, it's a gimmick factor that they like at first,. I was sent a couple of things to modify our new requirements. the remote's only gonna be for the television,. which is good. because we already decided. the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan,. which is we put the fashion in electronics. And our corporate colours are grey and yellow. And we could probably get away with black too but. from all all three of your presentations, I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting. We want something that looks good. we want something that's simple. We want something that you can find easily. And the speech recognition I I guess is kind of give or take. probably, I would say, probably not worth the investment at this point in time.
I did have have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing. if it came with maybe a holder or holster, whatever you wanna call it. But if you don't put it back in, you press something like a little button on that,. and that just sort of sends out a beep to find where it is or something. Just by infrared.
That'd be, that'd be good if we were going with our our ball. Or or with you know I guess with any form that that would be good. that could be the charger. we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote. However, however you wanted to go about it, the holder could also be the charging unit. With the locator button. I guess after the meeting we'll have some questionnaires. And and some summaries for for what's going on. Then we can come back and work on our individual work. It looks like you're already on your way for working with the components. User interface concept, we want it to be something simple. Minimal number of buttons.
I do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one-handed. The ball is probably not a good idea.
Shall we maybe shoot for a a specific target group? if we were shooting for young guys then it's a certain look to the remote. Or girls or older people?
I don't know if that might cope with like the trend-watching.
But maybe by the next meeting we'll have some info on that.
We'll just say we've got a colour scheme for it. yellow it's nice and bright,. with the buttons being grey or black. And our slogan pasted somewhere on it, on the the bottom. maybe we could flare it or something. of course this will look like a bone then.
It might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones, and the shapes that the they've been going.
Mobile phones they've kind of taken a turn to where they're really small. which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time. Maybe we could go with a square or something. with minimal number of buttons. I guess you've got you know one through nine. For typing in your channels. you've got volume, up and down. Channel up and down. A menu button, maybe. if we want the remote to do other things like or I guess the TV to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into T_V_s, we just have that under one standard menu button. press the menu button,. scroll up and down to select it.
Talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad. Would probably be like a scrolling, little scrolling wheel like this.
Like a wheel on your mouse.
If we're coming from mice, we can even add a click function,. where you, in order to verify the information you just press it down. Also when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing, if you wanna make it square for the looks of it, then maybe to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing, you add a little bulge down here. Then you hold it in your hand like this. And maybe you bring the buttons nearer to the or the imp more important buttons nearer to the to the side.
The bigger ones you know they could actually be bigger in size than the ones that are less important, the smaller here.
You can also have it, maybe, talking about mobile phones again, sliding open.
On a sort of side view. Something that you know it would sort of fit in the hand better.
Causes a problem for left or right-handed people actually. So.
Instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person.
Maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote. Special order.
It should be probably designed for a right-handed person.
I mean I'm just just thinking maybe if it was circular with the sort of that sort of the sort of early idea we had, with the way that was more like that,
Then there's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing. If we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one. You give it the full functions in here,. and just a couple of functions in there. Like your zap zapping device is just channels up-down, volume, and on-off. Means the big one has to be sufficiently big. And perhaps heavy,
You're watching trends. Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use. let's explore the the possibility of having the two-piece. So one for the the quick zapping and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand. And Ryan you work on how how well they'll work with the us with the user. So both of those concepts. I gu I guess we'll take lunch in about half an hour. and then then in about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting.